[Music]
Hey what's up my kids
welcome one more day to my channel
and if you didn't know me and well nothing delighted
I'm javi de la mano subscribe
subscribe son of a [ __ ] and subscribe
and give a like without watching the video that is
an abuse not like asking for
leasing without watching the video a lot of
cloth but well subscribe yes
subscribe you always find out about all the little
angels of all the moves I returned
to his lived with my face in 4k so that they
complain to me now
gameplay
now record the videos every day as I
please it turns out that well you know
no need for much context this is one
more chapter this is one more episode of the
Chose anime if you want to follow the
complete series you have it on my channels I
would have uploaded like a total of 50 60
Chose videos quietly no no no I
can't count it it would be impossible I don't
have time to count that it turns out that
in the last video that we uploaded and in
the penultimate one I also
demand a Chose thematic channel
lately it's not worth tomorrow everything  uploads a
video that hasn't been made almost it turns out
that in the last and second to last
video that we uploaded we were talking about
how choca justified his words
aurum play by saying that he didn't want to
belittle the work of these two
but wanted to give himself a medal
which didn't go according to what
the tweet said because really in
the twizy he was belittling the
work of the other two saying that
the triumph that
aurum play had and ibai with was going to go had less merit I don't
understand this justification because ibai does
n't come from youtube so I don't
understand it but that he wasn't
belittling their work but rather he
was meditating on his own look at that is
look at that family
justified himself by saying that no that I
have said that they are not a revelation because
aurich is very famous he does not have the same
merit as me who comes from nowhere and
vice and in the same 30 euros he was
referring to and vice and stuff me in tweets
imagination tweets directly well the
case has not only responded to
euros play and the return sticks a periodic
quoted in the snout but
also the vegetable itself has stuck an
option
my father vegeta 777 if in my old age he
says something to me I will shut my mouth let's go
what he said by the way did you see that the
drone is doing live
tweets and greetings from marquis tron ​​he
is doing live tweets well
the answer begins with this donation
in which he is warning someone
as if one had not found out
that behind he is doing live
tweets and it is not going badly for him the truth
with the little time he has been doing it is not going
badly at all there are days when he has 12 13 14 I
even think that close to 20,000
viewers many days he is doing
again what he always does with drogba he is
doing all little bits of live there on
his own now like one or two hours
when he comes on I don't know if every day or I do
n't know anymore I think he will do it two or three
times a week and then he cuts the
extracts and uploads them to his
secondary channel to the two to the
drone blogs he is there talking for a while and  He's not
doing bad at all at the back but looking at it
with 15 or 20 thousand people tweeting you know
how much the show costs I can already
imagine where the shots are going to go
that no family you know what it
costs to have 15 or 20 thousand people
tweeting and watch out a lot of people will think well he
's a famous youtuber sorry let me
tell you youtube is very famous they have
come to tweets and 100 people have seen them
not because you are a
famous youtuber are you going to succeed in tweets I've
seen a lot of people who have a lot of
views on youtube and then they bring tweets
with 150 viewers I don't know why I don't
understand the logic because I understand
that if you are promoting you on your
channel I understand that people are going to see you I do
n't know but I've always said it I've
always said it each thing has its thing
I tried it in tweets and I was there for a
month and a half and
eugenio of course look I'm taking advantage of this
moment to say it because it's also
important take advantage of this moment to
say it because he has it here from the other
day of the crash if I were euro in  play
I would open a channel to talk about
everything well actually no he doesn't
need it he doesn't need it he doesn't want to live
more peacefully but if I were
ever Aurum Plate I would answer everything I wouldn't care it
will be Euro Play have
100,000 viewers have 200,000 or
whatever surely there will be a play you saw what
Chose said that in fact I know that there will
be a play man watch and follow me
and I imagine that he will watch some video for
gossip to find out and about all
these viral topics as much as has been
about Chose then yes or yes
Auro will know what Chose has been saying
in recent days
therefore when he has heard the lists that
Chose has said that he has not
belittled Auro's work he
has simply said that he has less
merit than the bad phrase 25 in two
illicit to reply to those that he has not wanted to
belittle or discredit the work of
euros and not say that they have less merit
because he was already famous well now
said this god Hill and well I
will answer him and he has it saved he has it
saved  and he has taken the first
opportunity that has been given to him on the fly I have already
said in these previous videos to me the
impression that I get from both sides
that they put on a good face to
each other but that they cannot see each other I
think that choca is very
envious of him and not of the healthy aura a play and he would
like to take it from him and have what
he has starting with the charisma
starting with the fact that there will be a play he can
have 300 thousand viewers talking to you about
the air in a bag of seeds and that
now you do not hurt them he does not
hit the other one strong because in euros he
is in mode in online mode in
cordial mode but one can notice that no he does not
get the shock there are very
famous people from youtube no longer Spanish
Americans who have millions then they have
come to tweets and have not had much
audience this is something that can happen
in the case of drones different that they
tell me that it is not worth it that
people put see this guy with that
hair color what the hell has he done to his
hair do you take the milk kid with hydrogen peroxide
because he has light copper colored hair
no no  for being a famous youtuber
you have twitch secured and bng to earn
millions that goes in fact a very
strong point that is speaking to us these
days is that there are many people who are good at
making videos but they are good at
live shows to look down on anyone is that
many people like that there are many people who are
good at edited videos because they
record little by little because they repeat
because I don't know what and they are good at reading
a script with whatever but then a
live show they don't even have the mental speed to come
up with things or because it's not
worth it you simply don't feel comfortable in
a live show a lot of people who go you can
have many views on youtube
but then you come to tweets and people don't
see you it can happen it is something very common
but it is not the case with the others it has
come to tweets and very well 15 or 20 thousand
people an absolute madness for a
guy who speaks for an hour it seems like
an outrage to me very well let's see what he
said or vegetti is let's
see what he said old man euros
even mobile there is in his line a bit like I'll
answer you but I don't  I answer I would have
answered him directly and more
forcefully more clearly know even if it were like that
a little with good manners how he
did the day that the newspaper hit him
or as we call it now us
but I am going to answer him directly
or rather because precisely making
reference and answering this thing about
numbers because it comes from YouTube and what he
is famous because you can well in your son it
cannot go well to answer the choca it
is not even an indirect I would
consider it a completely direct it
is after he says the
sexual shock the next day you know with this he
is responding to the chocar or
answering him directly because let's
see what he has done old age is
then we do not begin to withdraw stockings
that at least for the moment you know it
amuses me point like me lately
in tweets you see that he is talking about
retiring in to retire well this is
something that is talked about a lot among the
big extremes no these people already have
money surely to live quietly
all their life I calculate approximately
that Auron will have between 10 and 20 million
euros saved in the bank and I am not
exaggerating if he does not have it because he has lived a
long time in  Spain and has given a lot to the
country let's leave it like that but although I'll
tell you, I mean how much do you need to
live? A person at 30
needs money. A person at 30
with 3 million will have it
safely saved up. It depends on
the level you want. Of course, if you want to
live like the Wizards did, if you want to live
like a normal person, where it's
obvious they don't spend much, it's
fine to continue alone, but it will have to be
little after spending a little and these
people are already vegetating, vegetating euros. I don't know what's up with them
doing it because they like to
do it, good, because they
like to do it, I don't know why. Also, if they
're helping out because they want more,
as much as possible, for it to end, they're
totally smart. I would have. I wouldn't
be here if I weren't a father
and had kilos, I wouldn't be here. It's
that I am. You guys can't
imagine, we always talk, we talk, and we
talk, we talk, but until you're
involved, you don't realize what I
lived through here with the tax issue.
Self-employed, okay, but my way of seeing it
from the outside and my subjective vision is that
people  in tweets lately he's been
competing a lot, not in the way of
seeing who's number one, seeing who's
the best, seeing who, I don't know what,
asking for, I don't know, me competing, I see the one who
threw himself home, when I'm working,
man, let's see, you always aspire to more and I
always took a look at the numbers
of the others, how they're doing, what's working for them, what's
not working for them, duck, try,
try business, like these
businesses, points and balls, business,
business tactics of more but as much
as competing, for example, it doesn't
stop me from eating, salt channels also
upload videos and that they do well, I also don't care, it's
number three,
number five, number six in the
salsa, as long as I have what I
have, I don't know if I have 20 million
visits in the last month or look if it's
going better, someone else is doing a little better, you know,
let him have it, paper, it hasn't matter to me,
many times we have been the
first on YouTube for whatever reason and
before there were no tweets as such, I mean,
I stop and I have never said I'm number one,
of course, the fact that you're boyfriends has said I'm not
number one  or willian said I am
number one no I think we are a
very different style or at least I am from what there is
in tweets today for
example and I like how I do things
hey also normally what I
realized when I tried to go to
tweets is that
if your audience is from youtube your
youtube audience is worth starting with tweets this
can go well but it's like you don't start
from scratch 0 0 absolutely but for
example I publish myself to see if it's
true that I didn't start from scratch in tweets
but it's not the same for me as on youtube
when we were here on youtube we usually have
I know two thousand three thousand and in
tweets and in squid game I had a
lot I had five or six thousand viewers
in each episode but however the
normal days of salcé or
1800 you know why you have to
grow little by little there in the people
who use tweets because there will be
audiences that use tweets and people who
use youtube that there are more people and
perfect more people either it depends on the
game of course I mean it depends on the game it
depends on many factors because you
think that I played many
different games then  Someone who can
follow me on fort nate is not going to watch ww 222 have
the same thing happen with the salsero that
depends on the topics not me for example with
the topics that I grew up were more about michu
dallas and those things and when they are those
topics I am the one who has the most but
nevertheless when it comes to other topics there are other
people who have grown more with those topics
be good and anyway very softly very
softly the answers for my taste
I would have
directly vegeta I imagine that he does not
answer more forcefully because he is not the one
alluded to it is not going to him he directed the words
the offenses of chocas but one he
was very soft you do not have to
grab on to an indirect to answer
with second or that they send you a
donation that you can grab on to to
answer to hit it take out your mouth if you feel
like saying something to someone you
tell them and that's it for
today's video family I will be reading you in the
comment box tell me your opinion
give it a like tomorrow there is a video only
flips out on the main channel tomorrow there is
an amazing video it is especially from
sir  It hurt, but you have to see
the kids too, because it's a
brutal scandal. Everyone's going to be
talking about it. I'm saying it.
Everyone's going to be talking about it. We'll
see each other, family.
[Music]